There are many ways to analyze the dataset.
One idea could be to focus on the US elections in 2016, as many the span of the quotations make exactly the time before and after 
the elections, starting from the first announcements by Clinton and Sanders to run for presidential nomination in 2015, to the Caucuses and the final election in 2016, to see how people's perspectives on the candidates Clinton and Trump changed in the 
time of the elections. Especially in that context, it could be very interesting to 
visualize which people talk positively about which candidate, or negatively. 

It could also be interesting to cluster people on the political landscape based on their
quotes. I could imagine that maybe from the choice of words, length of quotes, and other 
features, it can be possible to map people to their political position. At this point, 
it would also be interesting to map non-political persons on the political landscape, maybe
the pope has a secret political position and would be a Trump supporter in the US?

Another point to analyze could be diplomatic relations throughout the world. For that,
one could map the quotes by president's/ministers to their countries and extract, about
which countries they talk and what their intention is. I could imagine this could 
outline some of the relations between countries, or show e.g. the constant try of
Trump to connect to North Korea. 

A bit more for fun could be to use the data to train a chatbot on specific persons. 
It would be totally funny to have a bot that can generate random artificial quotes
by the pope. It would also be interesting if this model is good enough to trick Quobert
by generating artificial quotations from specific persons that Quobert actually links to 
that specific person with high probability. 

Furthermore, when doing some basic statistics on the dataset, I found out that the quotation 
with the most occurrences in the sample was the title of the 9th Star Wars movie. Hence, 
it could also be an option to focus the analysis more on movies and series: What do people think 
about them? Which people or celebrities like them or do not like them? For that, we would need to classify
th quotations mentioning a specific movie into positive, negative or neutral. Combining this 
with some data about when those movies where released could show interesting changes in how 
people thought about the movie or series before it was released (or the new season is released),
and how they think about some weeks afterwards. And also how many quotations there are mentioning the 
movie during that time. Is there a big hype on the days and weeks before the release? Maybe people are still
interested into the movie some weeks afterwards, so a real hype was generated. 